GOLDYDOC(1)                        goldydoc                        GOLDYDOC(1)



NAME
       goldydoc - Univeristy of Minnesota Libraries IT Documentation system

DESCRIPTION
       goldydoc is a web based documentation system created with the use of
       hugo(1) and published using the University's github.umn.edu system.

       The following sections are available:

              About Goldydoc
                     Content Hierarchy; Editing Help; Information about the
                     site framework/theme and its features; Why Hugo and not
                     MkDocs or Jekyll.

              Current Projects
                     a directory of ongoing projects with links to
                     repositories, project goals, status, and other relevant
                     information.

              Platforms
                     Platforms in this sense could refer to both centrally
                     provided/managed systems (e.g., Shibboleth, OIT Hosted
                     Drupal), locally managed systems (e.g., UDC, Geoportal,
                     UMedia), and outsourced/externally managed systems (e.g.,
                     Alma).

              Policies
                     Information about departmental policies and guidelines,
                     e.g., design system, git style etc. The site has the
                     2014 Log Retention policy as an example.

              Services
                     Services and tools we provide to the Libraries as a
                     whole. For example, Shibboleth integration, SSL
                     certificate managment, etc.

CLONING
       You must recursively clone the repository as the deployment repository
       is a git submodule.

       to wit:

              git clone --recursive github.umn.edu/libraries/goldydoc-hugo

       You must clone the primary repository recursively or you will regret
       it.

SITE DEPLOYMENT
       To deploy goldydoc, ensure that hugo is within your PATH and that you
       have appropriate access to the github.umn.edu/libraries/goldydoc-hugo
       and github.umn.edu/libraries/goldydoc repositories.

       from the root folder run:

              ./hugo-build.sh

       and provide a record of your changes.

DEBUGGING
       Hugo provides a testing server and extensive logging for testing before
       a site is deployed. Users are strongly encouraged to test extensively
       before committing and deploying changes.

              hugo server -vD

SEE ALSO
       hugo(1), git(1), git-submodule(1)

AUTHORS
       ander kierig (akierig@umn.edu), University Libraries Application
       Development



1.0 Beta                          2022-09-14                       GOLDYDOC(1)
